hello and welcome to another episode of
the movie spoiler alerts today we're
talking about the 2013 film Superman Man
of Steel so let's get started the film
opens with the planet of Krypton
being on the verge of destruction due to
a depletion of natural resources General
Zod
Krypton's military commander has
initiated a coup d'etat against the
ruling council jor-el and his wife Lara
celebrate the birth of their son kal-el
who is one of the first Kryptonian
babies born in centuries aware that the
planet is on the verge of being
completely destroyed kal-el is infused
with the genetic code X for the entire
Kryptonian race and kal-el is put aboard
a spaceship to be sent to Earth General
Zod bursts in kills jor-el but is unable
to get the Codex before kal-el leaves
the planet General Zod is stopped and is
banished into captivity into an area
known as the Phantom Zone
however Zod is able to escape when
Krypton eventually explodes
kal-el ship lands in the town of
Smallville Kansas he is adopted by
Jonathan and Martha Kent and kal-el is
given the name of Clark Kent due to
Clark being an alien and being so close
to the earth son he developed superhuman
abilities as he grows older as a
teenager Clark finds out that he really
is an alien and Clark's father warns him
of using his powers in public
several years later Clark's human dad
dies in a tornado
Clark has the opportunity to save his
dad but his dad stopped him to prevent
him from exposing his powers in public
Clark winds up getting into an
investigation of a Kryptonian Scout
spaceship he enters the ship and sees
the preserved consciousness of his
father jor-el which appears to him as a
hologram jor-el reveals to Clark the
origins of his birth and explains the
extinction of the Kryptonian race he
also tells Clark that he was sent to
earth to help guide mankind and give
them hope a journalist named Lois Lane
sneaks into the ship and triggers the
security system Clark saves Lois
and the ship leaves louis writes her
story for The Daily Planet
but the article is rejected by her
editor for being unbelievable Louis
tracks down Clark to try to reveal who
he is but after hearing his story Louis
decides not to reveal his secret General
Zod and his crew are then seen trying to
find other planets for the new
Kryptonian race they detect a signal
coming from Clarks old ship and arrive
on earth
Zod demand that kal-el aka Clark
surrender or he will destroy the entire
earth
Clark surrenders and Clark and Lois are
taken captive Zod reveals that he plans
to terraform the earth making the
surface more like his homeworld which
will kill the human race he will then
use the Codex to repopulate the earth
with genetically engineered Kryptonians
Clark and Lois escape and Clark is able
to get the military to side with him Zod
deploys his terraforming engine over
both metropolis and the southern Indian
Ocean
Clark destroys the engine and is given
the title of Superman by the military
Superman spacecraft is crashed in the
Zod ship and Zod is sent back into the
Phantom Zone along with his crew
however Zod is able to escape and then
battle Superman destroying a large
portion of Metropolis Superman
eventually does kills AI by snapping his
neck as the film concludes the u.s.
government decides to help Superman
conceal his identity where he goes by
the name Clark and works for the Daily
Planet
so that was the spoilers for Superman
Man of Steel if you have another film
you'd like to see me spoil please let me
know in the comments below check out
movie's spoiler alerts on the various
forms of social media listed below and
remember to like and subscribe thanks
for watching